4.1.3 Baseline Methods  We use Hits@N and Mean Reciprocal Rank (MRR) to evaluate the performance of our model and the baseline methods. Hits@N (expressed as a percentage) represents the proportion of correctly aligned entities among the top N ranked candidates. MRR is the average of the reciprocal ranks of correctly aligned entities, where the reciprocal rank reports the rank of the correct entity alignment. Higher values for Hits@N and MRR indicate greater entity alignment accuracy.We selected the following baseline methods for comparison: MUGNN (Cao et al., 2019), AliNet (Sun et al., 2020b), BootEA (Sun et al., 2018), NAEA (Zhu et al., 2019), MMEA (Chen et al., 2020a), MSNEA (Chen et al., 2022a), MCLEA (Lin et al., 2022), MEAformer (Chen et al., 2023a), UMAEA (Chen et al., 2023b) and ACK-MMEA (Li et al., 2023).

4.1.4 Baselines. 13 prominent EA algorithms proposed in recent years are selected as our basic baselines. For a clear comparison, we categorize them into four groups based on their iterability and usage of surface format information. Moreover, we further collect 5  MMEA methods as strong baselines, including CLEM [37], MMEA [4], EVA [21], MSNEA [5], and MCLEA [20]. We reproduce EVA, MSNEA, and MCLEA with their original pipelines unchanged.

4.2 Comparative Methods  To comprehensively verify the effectiveness of our framework, we selected 20 prominent EA algorithms proposed in recent years as benchmarks and validated them on 5 real-world datasets and 23 settings.  The recent multi-modal entity alignment method LODEME (Li et al., 2023b) and UMAEA (Chen et al., 2023b) primarily enhances the accuracy of entity alignment by completing missing modalities, thereby increasing the available information. Meanwhile, PMF (Huang et al., 2024) enhances the training strategy to mitigate the noise caused by modality inconsistency. Our research aims to identify the relative interaction between modalities and adjust incorrect modal weights. This enhancement aims to improve generalization capabilities, enabling adaptation to variations in modal quality in real-world scenarios. For a fair comparison, we  did not include them.

4.1.3 Comparative Methods  To investigate the effectiveness of unimodal data, we develop two variants named RelEA using only structural information (relational triples), and VisEA using only visual context (entity images) to achieve alignment, respectively. To generally verify the effectiveness of incorporating visual context, we compare MMEA-s+v with RelEA and other public structure-based EA approaches including: MTransE, IPTransE, MuGNN [26], SEA [27] and AliNet. To compare the effects of leveraging visual context with that of using other types of side information, such as entity names and/or attributes, we include other methods, which are JAPE, GCN-Align, HMAN and MultiKE. Note that for fair comparison, the results of HMAN are from its variant that only uses training data in DBP15K as alignment signals.  Recent multimodal approaches for entity alignment, such as MCLEA, EVA, MSNEA [28], etc. use three or more types of information including structural data, numerical/attribute triples, visual knowledge and surface names of entities to improve alignment performance. Because our work focuses on probing the impact of visual context, and, therefore, only utilized graph structure and visual context to conduct  experiments, for fair comparison we have not included these methods (Table 2).

Compared Methods We benchmarked TMEA against a selection of both representative and state-ofthe-art approaches. For traditional KGs: IPTransE [53], GCN-Align [36], BootEA [31], SEA [26], RAC [46], PEEA [32], and MixTEA [42]. For MMKGs: PoE [23], MMEA [5], EVA [22], MSNEA [6], MCLEA [21], ACK-MMEA [19], and MoAlign [20].

3.2 Comparisons with State-Of-The-Arts  In this section, we compare our method RULE with seven state-of-the-art MMEA methods under the Dual-level Noisy Correspondence setting, including EVA (Liu et al., 2021), MCLEA (Lin et al., 2022b), XGEA (Xu et al., 2023), MEAformer (Chen et al., 2023a), UMAEA (Chen et al., 2023b), PMF (Huang et al., 2024a), and HHEA (Jiang et al., 2024). Following (Chen et al., 2023a; Huang et al., 2024a; Xu et al., 2023), we conduct experiments under two widely-adopted evaluation protocols: Non-name setting denotes all attributes except for the entity name are used, while All-attributes setting includes all available modalities. For fair comparisons, we adopt the same backbone (i.e., CLIP) for all baselines and our method. For more results on different backbones, please refer to Appendix F.11.  As shown in Tables 1-2, we could have the following conclusions: i) existing methods face substantial performance degradation as noise increases, highlighting their vulnerability to noisy correspondences. In contrast, RULE outperforms all baselines across different datasets and noise settings, demonstrating superior robustness against DNC; ii) even without any manually-injected noise, RULE still achieves performance gains compared to existing methods, as the real-world MMEA datasets contain a considerable number of DNC. To further verify the effectiveness of RULE, we conduct experiments under the manually-injected noise ratio from 0.0 to 0.7. As shown in Fig. 3 (a), RULE not only achieves higher performance across all noise levels but also exhibits significantly slower performance degradation, which further confirms the robustness of RULE against DNC.

Baselines We compare our approach against  six leading multi-modal alignment methods: MMEA (Chen et al., 2020), EVA (Liu et al., 2021), MSNEA (Chen et al., 2022), MCLEA (Lin et al., 2022), MEAformer (Chen et al., 2023a), and UMAEA (Chen et al., 2023b). We replicated MEAformer and UMAEA using their publicly available code to establish robust baselines. Although other notable methods like ACK-MMEA (Li et al., 2023) exist, their exclusion was due to the lack of open-source code, ensuring fairness in our comparisons.