3.5 Modality Fusion  In this module, we follow Chen et al. (2023a) to adapt the vanilla Transformer (Zhou et al., 2021)  3.5.1 Modal representation generation and  interaction  We first perform a linear transformation on the input representation of each modality hm, mapping them into query vectors Q(i)  m , key vectors K(i)  m m,  and value vectors V (i)  m . The specific calculation formulas are as follows:  Q(i)  m , K(i)  m , V (i)  m = hmW(i)  q , hmW(i)  k , hmW(i)  v , (4)  where W(i)  k , W(i)  k , and W(i)  k are linear transformation matrices, and m ∈ {a, g, r, v, a + g, v + g}.  The interaction between modality m and modality j is computed using the scaled dot-product at tention mechanism, as defined by the following formula:  βmj = Softmax Q⊤mKj  √dh  , (5)  Attention(Qm, Kj, Vj) =  X  j∈M βmj Vj , (6)  where dh is the hidden layer dimension, used to scale the dot product to keep it within a reasonable range.  3.5.2 Multi-head cross-attention and  processing  To further enhance the model’s ability to capture cross-modal interactions, we employ a Multi-Head Cross Attention (MHCA) mechanism. Multiple attention heads are calculated in parallel, and the formula for each head i is:  headi = Attention(Q(i)  m , K(i)  j , V (i)  j ), (7)  The outputs of all attention heads are then concatenated and mapped to the final output using a linear transformation matrix Wo, as shown below:  MHCA(hm) = Wo  H  M  i=1  headm  i  !  , (8)  H denotes the number of attention heads, and ⊕ represents the concatenation operation.  To further refine the modality representations, the output of MHCA is combined with the original input hm through a residual connection and then processed with Layer Normalization, which is given by:  ˆhm = LayerNorm(MHCA(hm) + hm), (9)  After the multi-head cross-attention mechanism, a Feed-Forward Neural Network (FFN) further processes the modality representations. The FFN consists of two linear layers with ReLU activation to introduce non-linearity, defined as: FFN(ˆhm) = ReLU(ˆhmW1 + b1)W2 + b2, (10)  where W1 and W2 are linear transformation matrices, and b1 and b2 are bias terms. The output of the FFN is then combined with the input through a residual connection and processed with Layer Normalization:  ˆhm = LayerNorm(FFN(ˆhm) + ˆhm), (11)  3.5.3 Fusion representation generation  To generate the fused modality representation hFusion, we assign dynamic fusion weights wm for each modality. The weights are dynamically calculated based on the interaction strength between modalities, as defined by:  wm =  exp P  j∈M  PNh  i=0 β(i)  mj  p|M | × Nh P  k∈M exp P  j∈M  PNh  i=0 β(i)  kj  p|M | × Nh  , (12)  where M is the set of modalities, Nh is the number of attention heads, and β(i)  mj represents the interaction weight between modality m and j in the i-th attention head.  Finally, the fused representation is obtained by performing a weighted concatenation of each modality’s unimodal representation hm with its corresponding weight wm, as shown below:  hFusion =  M  m∈{a,g,r,v,a+g,v+g}  wm · hm, (13)

3.5 Dynamic Weight Calibration  Inspired by Cao et al. (2024), we proposed the Dynamic Weight Calibration (DW C) to ensure  that the output weights are more accurate and reliable. DW C aims to use the weights obtained by the attention mechanisms to calculate distribution uniformity to perceive the uncertainty of modality and use it as a calibration standard to dynamically adjust the JW s. It is worth noting that the uncertainty of the modality means that some modalities may have uncertain missingness and ambiguity, which is also observed by Chen et al. (2023b). The experimental results in Section 4.3 show that our method improves the performance, surpassing the methods that directly use the attention mechanisms (Chen et al., 2023a; Li et al., 2023a).  DW C contains four sub-layers: 1) In Entitylevel Modality Weighted Attention, we use the  prediction weights obtained by attention mechanisms to assess the importance of each modality at the entity level, which provides a basis for the next sub-layer; 2) In Attention-Driven Distribution Calibration, we use the prediction weights to  calculate the uniformity of the modality distribution and evaluate the uncertainty of its prediction weights. We then calibrate weights with high uncertainty and recalculate new joint weights; 3) In Modality Fusion, we fuse all weighted modalities. 4) In Alignment Learning and Inference, we use  the cosine similarity to measure the alignment probability.  Entity-level Modality Weighted Attention. Inspired by Chen et al. (2023a), we introduce attention mechanisms to predict entity-level modality weights to avoid over-emphasizing one modality, instead of using the same approach as CIJW . Specifically, the multi-head cross-modal attention (MHCA) block performs the attention function in parallel over Nh heads where the i-th head is parameterized by modally shared weight matrix  W(qi), W(i)  k , W(vi) ∈ Rd×dh to project the multimodal input hm into modal-aware query Q(mi) ∈  Rdh , key K(mi) ∈ Rdh , and value Vm(i) ∈ Rdh .  Q(mi), K(mi), Vm(i) = hmW(qi), hmW(i)  k , hmW(vi). (7)  For the feature of modality m, its output is:  MHCA(him) = [head1m ⊕ · · · ⊕ headNmh  ] Wo, (8)  headim = ∑  j∈M  β(i)  mj V (i)  j . (9)  The attention weight βmj between entity’s modality  m and j in each head is formulated as:  βmj = exp(Q⊤mKj/√dh)  ∑  n∈M  exp(Q⊤mKn/√dh) , (10)  where dh = d/Nh. Besides, layer normalization is used to stabilize the training:  ˆhim = LayerNorm(MHCA(him) + him). (11)  Then the fully connected feed-forward network (FFN) consists of two linear transformation layers and a ReLU as the activation function: FFN(ˆhim) = ReLU(ˆhimW1 + b1)W2 + b2, (12)  ˆhim ← LayerNorm(FFN(ˆhim) + ˆhim), (13)  where W1 ∈ Rd×din and W2 ∈ Rdin×d. The weight of the m-th modality (wm) is defined as:  wm =  exp( ∑  j∈M  N∑h i=0  β(i)  mj  √|M | × Nh) ∑  k∈M  exp( ∑  j∈M  N∑h i=0  β(i)  kj  √|M | × Nh)  . (14)  Attention-Driven Distribution Calibration (ADC). A uniform distribution typically suggests  high uncertainty, whereas a peaked distribution implies low uncertainty in predictions (Huang et al., 2021). We apply the aforementioned attention mechanism to determine the prediction weights for each modality, treating them as prediction probabilities of the classification. This classification method serves as an implicit label for categorizing based on modality uncertainty. Subsequently, we compute the mean μ of these probability distributions. Hence, we define the Distribution Uniformity (DU ) of m-th modality as:  DUm = 1  |M |  M ∑ m  |Softmax(wim · him) − μ|, (15)  where |M | is the number of available modalities, wim is the weight of the m-th modality of the i-th entity.  Taking into account the dynamic environment, the uncertainty of different modalities should be relative. In other words, the uncertainty of each modality should adjust dynamically in response to changes in the uncertainty of other modalities. The Relative Variance (RV ) of m-th modality is defined as:  RV m = (DU m)|M|  ∏  j∈M  DU j . (16)  Specifically, we assume that the quality of the modality with RV m < 1 has a larger uncertainty, and it tends to produce relatively unreliable predictions, so the weight of the current modality has potential risks in terms of accuracy. Therefore, we reduce the contribution of such modalities by multiplying their predicted JW by RV m (RV m < 1). On the contrary, the quality of the modality with RV m > 1 is considered to have a smaller uncertainty, so the contribution of these modalities can be retained to reduce the consumption of computing resources.  km =     RV m if (DU m)|M| < ∏  j∈M  DU j ,  1 otherwise.  (17) The Calibration Joint Weight (CJW ) can be calculated as follows and used as the final weight of the m-th modality:  CJ W m = J W m · km. (18)  Modality Fusion. We use the CJW of each  modality as its fusion weight and assign it to each entity ei.  hi = ⊕  m∈M  [CJ Wim · him] , (19)  where hi is defined as the fusion embedding.  Alignment Learning and Inference. We use the  cosine similarity (Sim) to measure the alignment probability. The similarity matrix of source entity set E and target entity set E′ can be denoted as Sim⟨E, E′⟩.

4.3 Multi-Modal Fusion  To integrate multiple modalities effectively, we adopt a Multi-Head Cross-Modal Attention (MHCA) mechanism inspired by  MEAformer (Chen et al., 2023a). Given a set of available modality embeddings {hm}m∈M , where  M = {structure, R, A, V }, we first stack them into a matrix Hm and feed them into a shared  MHCA module:  H ̃ m = MHCA(Hm), (6)  where each  ̃Hm contains contextualized information from all other modalities.  We extract the attention weights αm from the  MHCA module by summing over heads and normalizing:  αm = softmax  ( A ∑h  i=1  Attention(i)  )  , (7)  where Attention(i) ∈ RB×|M|×|M| is the attention  matrix from head i, and softmax is applied across modalities.  Finally, we compute the joint embedding as a weighted concatenation of the original modality embeddings:  hjoint = ⊕  m∈M  αm · Norm(hm), (8)  where Norm(·) denotes l2 normalization and ⊕ indicates concatenation across modalities.  This allows the model to softly emphasize more informative modalities and produce a unified representation for downstream tasks.

